Readme.markdown, before:

Sources for Göktuğ's Website
============================

This repository contains the static website setup for [my website][ws].
The sources for the pages live in a separate, private repository because
it includes unpublished drafts.

[ws]: https://www.gkayaalp.com/

The code here is licensed under [the 3-clause BSD License][license].  I
doubt you'd want to just grab and use this project, but feel free to
take whatever you like and adapt for your website or to use this one as
a starting point for your projects.

[license]: ./LICENSE

What you see is a simple static website built using [Hakyll], trying
to use as minimal styling as possible to give it some identity without
departing too much from an [essential web look][mofo].  Sticking to good
simple HTML and minimal styling, and avoiding unnecessary interaction
ensures that the pages are accessible to the differently abled and to
people lacking decent [internet access][netspds], that they [respect
readers' decisions][cascade], eat up less resources, and maintain a nice,
sustainable [BMI][webobesity] level.

[Hakyll]: https://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/
[cascade]: https://www.w3.org/TR/css3-cascade/#cascading-origins
[mofo]: http://motherfuckingwebsite.com/
[netspds]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_Internet_connection_speeds#Average_connection_speeds
[webobesity]: https://idlewords.com/talks/website_obesity.htm

Get started
===========

This is still WIP; this section will be updated soon.

1) Run `cabal install` to download the dependencies.
2) ...

Relevant documentation
======================

- [Hakyll tutorials][tutidx]
- [What's where in the Hakyll module
  tree?][where]
- [Github Pages & Hakyll][ghpages]

[where]: https://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/tutorials/a-guide-to-the-hakyll-module-zoo.html
[ghpages]: https://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/tutorials/github-pages-tutorial.html
[tutidx]: https://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/tutorials.html

Commit message:

Readme.markdown: update build instructions

Readme.markdown, after:

Sources for Göktuğ's Website
============================

This repository contains the static website setup for [my website][ws].
The sources for the pages live in a separate, private repository because
it includes unpublished drafts.

[ws]: https://www.gkayaalp.com/

The code here is licensed under [the 3-clause BSD License][license].  I
doubt you'd want to just grab and use this project, but feel free to
take whatever you like and adapt for your website or to use this one as
a starting point for your projects.

[license]: ./LICENSE

What you see is a simple static website built using [Hakyll], trying
to use as minimal styling as possible to give it some identity without
departing too much from an [essential web look][mofo].  Sticking to good
simple HTML and minimal styling, and avoiding unnecessary interaction
ensures that the pages are accessible to the differently abled and to
people lacking decent [internet access][netspds], that they [respect
readers' decisions][cascade], eat up less resources, and maintain a nice,
sustainable [BMI][webobesity] level.

[Hakyll]: https://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/
[cascade]: https://www.w3.org/TR/css3-cascade/#cascading-origins
[mofo]: http://motherfuckingwebsite.com/
[netspds]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_Internet_connection_speeds#Average_connection_speeds
[webobesity]: https://idlewords.com/talks/website_obesity.htm

Get started
===========

1) Optionally run `cabal sandbox init` to start a sandbox.

2) Run `cabal install` to download the dependencies.

3) Run `cabal run build` to build the website, and `cabal run clean`
  to remove build artefacts.

Relevant documentation
======================

- [Hakyll tutorials][tutidx]
- [What's where in the Hakyll module
  tree?][where]
- [Github Pages & Hakyll][ghpages]

[where]: https://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/tutorials/a-guide-to-the-hakyll-module-zoo.html
[ghpages]: https://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/tutorials/github-pages-tutorial.html
[tutidx]: https://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/tutorials.html
